Hope Miss That doesn't get back to her state.
It is natural.
This is fake.
I'm talking nonsense.
So we will bring this heavenly palace over many years to reproduce.
The bonus is here, but there is a treasure.
I am ready to take all responsibility.
You see, you have already placed a kind of beehive.
Do you still want them to talk nonsense here?
We talk nonsense.
Or can your memory retract?
Mai Son told him.
Trieu Thien Hung is ready to threaten me.
Let me sneak in some fake ones.
Animals on the construction site
The purpose is to bring down the Tham family.
I have my transfer history here.
Do you need to see it?
You are all Shen family.
Who knows if you run a traditional?
I go quickly blockade.
Don't listen to them.
If there is a dispute
Then temporarily block.
Wait until the investigation is clear.